# CS370_CurrentTrends
For this project, we were given the base code for a simple treasure hunt game where a player and the computer(the pirate agent) would compete to solve the maze and find the treasure the fastest. While the game is not complete nor needed to be completed, we were responsible for creating the algorithm that would control the behavior of the pirate agent, defining its rewards, penalties, and learning process for tackling the maze problem. In regards to how this applies to the future of computer science and how I applied the solution, the entire process represented the future of machine learning and how we can apply machine learning techniques to future projects. I learned the basics of how machine learning algorithms function, how they are designed to solve various problems, and how to adjust for various factors such as encouraging early exploration in the maze to give the system a larger variation in data to learn from in its later iterations. As a computer scientist, my purpose is to make neat, readable, and efficient code that not only meets the required functionality but is modular and can be built upon by other team members and computer scientists. I also have an obligation to consider the ethics of my code and how it affects users and the data that it uses to function properly, ensuring that everyone who comes into contact with my work is protected and treated fairly. Even past security issues such as data protection, considerations need to be taken against biases that can slip into my work simply through design choices. Understanding that computers aren't inherently biased but learn biases based on how they are designed and what data we provide them is important in limiting or removing bias within the systems that we design.
